Create new export topics structure (#646)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/58 jQuery Components/05 Add DevExtreme to a jQuery Application/05 CDN Files.md

The stylesheets in the code above apply the Generic Light theme. See [Predefined Themes](/concepts/60%20Themes%20and%20Styles/05%20Predefined%20Themes/00%20Predefined%20Themes.md '/Documentation/Guide/Themes_and_Styles/Predefined_Themes/') for information about the other available themes.

> Specific functionality requires additional libraries. For instance, client-side exporting in the **PivotGrid** widget requires the <a href="https://stuk.github.io/jszip/" target="_blank">JSZip</a> library. Similarly, the [HtmlEditor](/concepts/05%20Widgets/HtmlEditor/00%20Overview.md '/Documentation/Guide/Widgets/HtmlEditor/Overview/') widget requires <a href="https://quilljs.com/" target="_blank">Quill</a>. Refer to the dedicated topics for details.

Reviewer: Export still needs `jszip`. Looks like we lost it, and now we should find every mention of ExcelJS and make sure that jszip is mentioned too.

> Specific functionality requires additional libraries. For instance, client-side exporting in the **PivotGrid** widget requires the <a href="https://stuk.github.io/jszip/" target="_blank">JSZip</a> library. Similarly, the [HtmlEditor](/concepts/05%20Widgets/HtmlEditor/00%20Overview.md '/Documentation/Guide/Widgets/HtmlEditor/Overview/') widget requires <a href="https://quilljs.com/" target="_blank">Quill</a>. Refer to the dedicated topics for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specific functionality requires additional libraries. For instance, [client-side export](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/export/) in the **PivotGrid** widget requires the <a href="https://stuk.github.io/jszip/" target="_blank">JSZip</a> library; the [same feature](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/export/) in the **DataGrid** widget needs the <a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs" target="_blank">ExcelJS</a> and <a href="https://github.com/eligrey/FileSaver.js/" target="_blank">FileSaver</a> libraries. Similarly, the [HtmlEditor](/concepts/05%20Widgets/HtmlEditor/00%20Overview.md '/Documentation/Guide/Widgets/HtmlEditor/Overview/') widget requires <a href="https://quilljs.com/" target="_blank">Quill</a>. Refer to the dedicated topics for details.
```

> Specific functionality requires additional libraries. For instance, [client-side export](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/export/) in the **PivotGrid** widget requires the <a href="https://stuk.github.io/jszip/" target="_blank">JSZip</a> library; the [same feature](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/export/) in the **DataGrid** widget needs the <a href="https://stuk.github.io/jszip/" target="_blank">JSZip</a>, <a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs" target="_blank">ExcelJS</a>, and <a href="https://github.com/eligrey/FileSaver.js/" target="_blank">FileSaver</a> libraries. Similarly, the [HtmlEditor](/concepts/05%20Widgets/HtmlEditor/00%20Overview.md '/Documentation/Guide/Widgets/HtmlEditor/Overview/') widget requires <a href="https://quilljs.com/" target="_blank">Quill</a>. Refer to the dedicated topics for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specific functionality requires additional libraries. For instance, [client-side export](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/export/) in the **PivotGrid** widget requires the <a href="https://stuk.github.io/jszip/" target="_blank">JSZip</a> library; the [same feature](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/export/) in the **DataGrid** widget also needs the <a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs" target="_blank">ExcelJS</a> and <a href="https://github.com/eligrey/FileSaver.js/" target="_blank">FileSaver</a> libraries. Similarly, the [HtmlEditor](/concepts/05%20Widgets/HtmlEditor/00%20Overview.md '/Documentation/Guide/Widgets/HtmlEditor/Overview/') widget requires <a href="https://quilljs.com/" target="_blank">Quill</a>. Refer to the dedicated topics for details.
```
